[doc] fixed typos and punctuation (#29225)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: documentation/next-generation-quickstart.md

Getting Started - Using the next-generation management libraries of Azure SDK for JavaScript/TypeScript
=============================================================

We are excited to announce the GA of a new set of management plane libraries for JavaScript/TypeScript. Those libraries contain a number of new features including Azure Identity support, HTTP pipeline, error-handling, etc, and follow the new Azure SDK guidelines which create easy-to-use
APIs that are idiomatic, compatible, and dependable. See [TypeScript Design Guidelines](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/typescript_design.html) for more information.

Currently, we have released GA version of several packages such as `azure/arm-resources`, `@azure/arm-storage`, 

> `@azure/arm-compute`, `@azure/arm-network` for next-generation. Please find the latest version of those libraries in [npmjs.com](https://www.npmjs.org) and have a try.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@azure/arm-compute`, `@azure/arm-network` for next-generation. Please find the latest version of those libraries in [npm](https://www.npmjs.com) and have a try.
```

```sh
npm i @azure/arm-compute@latest
```

> You can always find the latest preview version of our next-generation management libraries via [npmjs](https://www.npmjs.org) under the `next` tag of each package.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can always find the latest preview version of our next-generation management libraries via [npm](https://www.npmjs.com) under the `next` tag of each package.  
```
